# Lin_CSCI2270_FinalProject
Project Summary:
The program will allow the user to search for, buy, return, and add inventory of car parts for various branches of a parts store. The user will be able to first enter in a list of store locations, build the inventory at each location by entering in a list of parts, along with their manufacturer name, price, and quantities. Afterwards, clients can buy and return parts, request that parts be delivered from one store to another, or remove the product from inventory. If the client requests that one part be transferred from one branch to another, then the inventory at both branches can be changed.
To sort the parts, a hash table will be used, which separates parts into categories using different hashing functions depending on the parts list put in; that is, when an inventory list is initially put in, the program will run through several hashing functions to determine the best way to organize the products with minimal collisions. Thus, the organization of the inventory will depend on the inventory content. The hashing function used to organize the items will then remain constant for all branches, throughout the entire duration of the program. The hash table will contain pointers to binary search trees, which will then organize the hashed products using product name.
Parts will be created with a struct, containing part name, manufacturer name, price, quantity, and status (available or out of stock). Each branch, as well, will be a struct, containing a hash table to sort the inventories. The branches themselves will be stored in a vector.
